* The main goroutine is automatically started and created when the process begins.

********************************************************************************

Green Threads, Coroutines, Runtime Makes it Preemptable

* OS threads - Threads managed by the OS.
* Green threads - Threads managed by a language's runtime.
* Gouroutines are neither OS, nor green threads. They are a higher level of abstraction known as coroutines.
* Coroutines are non-preemptive concurrent subroutines(functions/closures/methods).

* What makes goroutines unique to Go are their deep integration with Go's runtime.
* Go's runtime observes the runtime behavior of goroutines and automatically suspends them when they block and resumes them when they are unblocked.
* In a way that makes the preemptable, but only at points where the goroutine has become blocked.

* Concurrency is not a property of a coroutine. Something must host several coroutines simultaneously and give each an opportunity to execute - otherwise they wouldn't be concurrent.
* Note that this doesn't mean that coroutines are implicitly parallel. It is possible to have several coroutines executing sequentially to give the illusion of parallelism.


* M:N scheduler. It maps M green threads to N OS threads.
* When we have more goroutines than the available threads, the scheduler handles the distribution of goroutines across the available threads.
* It also ensures that when goroutines are blocked, other goroutines can be run.

********************************************************************************

Fork-join concurrency model
* Fork part means that at any point in the program it can split off a child branch of execution to be run concurrently with its parent.
* The join part refers to the fact that at some point in the future, these concurrent branches of execution will join back together.
* It might happen that the main goroutine exits before the join.
* With adding sleep you only increase the probability that join will happen. You don't guarantee.
* Join points guarantee the program's correctness and remove race conditions.
* We'll have to synchronize the main goroutine and the other goroutine. There are many ways: sync.Waitgroup are most popular.